Project go-samp, Samples of Simple go Language Programs
=======================================================
This is a collection of extremely simple examples of using the _go_ 
programming language.

These samples were inspired primarily by the _GoCourseDay#.pdf_ files 
previously available in the _go_ distrubution.  And some additional experiments.
In particular experiments triggered by documentation provided in the go 
distribution.

Prerequisites
-------------

In essence, you need a working _go_ environment, and a few small additions.

At the current HEAD of master, your go build should be at least: weekly.2012-02-07.

You need certain basic functions available to you in order to build and run
these _go_ programs.

These include:

* the _go_ compiler
* the _go_ linker
* make

If you are not familiar with _go_, and want to install it and learn the 
language, see: 

*	http://golang.org

Additional Setup
----------------

In order to use the _make_ system for these samples, you will need to have
the $GOPATH environment variable properly defined.  See the go documentation
for details.

Although this system is still installed using make, the 'go' tool is used under the
covers.  If you require previous versions, please examine previous tags.

Adjust $GOPATH as necessary for your system.

Install
-------

To install all these samples:

* clone from or fork on github
* _cd_ to your base git repo directory
* make packages
* make

Other Education Resources
-------------------------

* http://www.slideshare.net/alexander.uni.fiis/learning-go-01



